Update index.md (#138)
scarf-sh/docs: docs/index.md

4. **[Organizations](/organizations):** Learn how to manage and collaborate with your teams within Scarf's platform.
5. **[Packages](/packages):** Delve into the specifics of working with various Scarf package types, such as Docker, Helm, npm, Python, and more.
6. **[Scarf SDKs](/package-analytics):** Discover how our Software Development Kits (SDKs) can accelerate your development process.

> 7. **[Custom Telemetry](/custom-telemetry):** Scarf provides you the ability to collect custom telemetry from within your application by utilizing our API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. **[Custom Telemetry](/custom-telemetry):** Track any custom behaviors by sending event data to Scarf from your code. 
```
